are all tutrles aquatic?
are any snakes warm blooded?
are Apple's headquarters in Cupertino, California?
are apples vegetables?
are birds animals?
are cats herbivours?
Are cats made of cheese?
are cats mammals
are cats mammals?
are cats pets?
are cats warm blooded
are cats warm blooded?
are Core i7 processors made by AMD?
are dogs mammals?
are dolphins fish?
are Duke University's colors red and black?
are hops an ingredient in beer?
are lon proteases found in eukaryotes?
are most Saudi Arabians Protestants?
are most snakebites caused by non-venomous snakes?
are NC State's colors blue and white?
are NC State's colors red and black?
are newspaper articles self-authenticating documents?
are Silverback guerillas extinct?
are snakes reptiles?
are some Apple products made by Foxconn?
Are the Duke Blue Devils basketball team coached by Roy Williams?
Are the Dutch from Belgium?
Are the Songs of Solomon also known as the Book of Psalms?
Are the UN headquarters in Washington DC?
Are tortilla chips a source of protein?
are turtles amphibians?
Are Wikipedia articles written by volunteers?
are Wikipedia editors paid?
Are yes or no questions also known as factoid questions?
can dermatitis cause itchy armpits?
can humans get rabies from animal bites?
can penguins fly?
can Windows applications run on Linux using Wine?
can you get salmonella from eating uncooked meat?
can you get smallpox from contaminated water?
Can you run windows in a virtual machine?
Did Agnolo Bronzino paint Venus Cupid Folly and Time?
Did Alec Baldwin leave 30 Rock before the show was cancelled?
did Ariel Sharon have a stroke?
did Arthur Nakane produce Secret Asian Man?
Did Ben Franklin sign the Declaration of Independence?
did Benjamin Franklin sign the Declaration of Independence?
did Bill Clinton have sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky?
Did Bill Gates create Linux?
Did Bill Gates invent the first computer?
did Christian Bale play Batman in The Dark Knight?
Did Christian Bale play The Joker in The Dark Knight?
did Christopher Nolan direct Batman Begins?
did David Gilmour play guitar for Pink Floyd
did Erwin Faber die in 1989?
did Esther Levine study at the City College of New York?
did Germany win the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup?
did HP sell its personal computer division to Lenovo?
did IBM sell its PC division to Lenovo?
did IBM Watson win Jeopardy?
did IBM's Watson lose Jeopardy?
did James Paul McCertney air in the US before it aired in the UK?
did Jim Morrison die at the age of 27?
did Jimi Hendrix die in 1970?
did Jimi Hendrix play a Stratocaster?
did Jimi Hendrix play electric guitar?
did Jimmy Page play for Pink Floyd?
did Jimmy Wales found Wikipedia.org?
Did John Adams write the Constitution?
did John Kerry run against George W. Bush?
did John Kerry succeed Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State?
did Lance Armstrong admit to doping?
Did Larry Ellison found IBM?
did Leo Fender design the Stratocaster?
did Linus Torvalds create Linux?
did Luke Skywalker become a Jedi?
did Mark Zuckerburg found Facebook?
did Michael Fassbender play David in Prometheus?
did Michael Jordan play for Carolina?
did Michael Jordan play for Chapel Hill?
Did Michael Jordan play for North Carolina?
did Michael Jordan play for the Chicago Bulls?
did Michael Jordan play for the Pelicans?
did Michael Jordan play for the Timberwolves?
did Microsoft invent the iPod?
did Missy Manners star in Behind the Green Door: the Sequel?
did Nathan December play with REM?
Did Peter Jackson direct Iron Man?
did Robert E. Lee die in 1864?
did Robert E. Lee die in 1870?
did Robert E. Lee die in 1903?
did Robert E. Lee fight in the Civil War?
did Robert E. Lee fight in World War I?
did Ron Paul go to Duke?
did Ron Paul graduate from Duke?
did Samuel L. Jackson star in Snakes on a Plane?
did Shaq play for the Bobcats?
did Spain win the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup?
did Sparta lead the Delian League?
did Steel Arm Davis play for the New York Yankees?
did Steve Jobs found Facebook?
Did Steve Jobs found Microsoft?
did Steve Jobs succeed Tim Cook?
did the 49ers lose to the Ravens?
did the 49ers win the 2013 Superbowl?
did the 49ers win the Superbowl in 2013?
did the First Italo-Ethiopian War end in 1936?
did the HMS Defender have 12 guns?
did the HMS Defender have 16 guns?
did the lake Bodom murders happen in Finland?
did the Lake Bodom murders occur in Finland?
did the lake bodom murders take place in Finland?
Did the League of Nations replace the United Nations?
did the League of Nations succeed in preventing World War II?
did the Opera House Lynching occur in Livermore, Kentucky?
did the original iPad have a rear camera?
Did the Panthers play in Superbowl XLVII?
did the Ravens play in the Superbowl?
did the Ravens play the 49ers in the 2013 Superbowl?
did the Ravens win the Superbowl?
did the Ravens win?
Did Thomas Jefferson write the Declaration of Independence?
did Tim Cook go to Duke?
did Ulrich Fugger the Elder die from an operation?
did Wells Fargo buy Wachovia?
didn't Facebook buy Instagram?
didn't George Washington lead the Continental Army?
do birds lay eggs?
do business suits usually have notched lapels?
do Core i7 processors use socket 603?
do humans have two livers?
do iPhones run Mac OS X?
do North Carolina and Canada share a border?
do the new iPads have cameras?
do trees have bones?
do Xeon processors use socket 603?
Does AC stand for alternating current?
does Adidas make shoes?
does Afghanistan have 34 provinces?
does Afghanistan have 36 provinces?
does Apple sell MacBook Airs with Core i7 processors?
does Apple use Foxconn to manufacture its products?
does ATM stand for automated teller machine?
Does Batman die in The Dark Knight Rises?
does beef come from pigs?
Does Cliff Bentz serve in the House of Representatives?
does Colin Firth play Barry Zuckerkorn in A Single Man?
does Colin Firth play George Falconer in A Single Man?
does David Gaider work for BioWare?
does David Gaider work for game studio BioWare?
does David Gaider work for Relic?
does Diet Coke contain sugar?
does Gibson make Les Pauls?
does Google have an office in New York City?
does hand sanitizer contain alcohol?
Does HP have rights to the Thinkpad brand?
Does HP produce Thinkpads?
does IBM stand for International Business Machines?
Does Italian have a subjunctive mood?
does J. Crew have mens' clothing?
does Jimmy Page play the trombone?
does Jordan's flag have horizontal black, white and green bands?
Does Linus Torvalds work for Microsoft?
does Logitech make computer mice?
does Microsoft make keyboards?
does most electricity in the US come from solar power?
Does North Carolina share a border with Canada?
does North Carolina share a border with Texas?
does Python object oriented?
Does Red Wing make boots?
Does Roy Williams coach the Duke basketball team?
does Sony make the PlayStation 3?
Does Sorel make boots?
does Sprite have caffeine?
does the Brewer-Dobson circulation model explain why tropical air has less ozone than polar air?
does the federal government have three branches?
Does the first amendment to the constitution protect the right to bear arms?
does the flag of Jordan have a blue stripe?
does the Lenovo Carbon X1 have a pointstick?
does the Lenovo Carbon X1 have a touchpad?
does the Lenovo Carbon X1 have a trackpoint?
Does the Mexican flag have an Oak tree on it?
Does the Song of Songs of Solomon have 119 verses?
does the Surface Pro have the full version of Windows 8
does the Surface Pro have the full version of Windows 8?
Does Warren Buffet contribute to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation?
does water freeze at 34 degrees?
does West Chesterfield have a seprate zip code than the rest of Chesterfield?
does Windows run on Macs?
Does wolverine have laser vision?
Edid Jim MOrrison die in Paris?
Eis Wikipedia for profit?
has anyone walked on the moon?
has Moses Malone scored the most free throws?
has smallpox been eradicated?
have any Russians walked on the moon?
have the 49ers ever won a Superbowl?
if a company declares bankruptcy, does its stock become worthless?
is 'a' the first letter of the alphabet?
is 30 Rock directed by Woody Allen?
is a group of cattle called a herd?
is A Single Man based on the novel by Christopher Isherwood?
is A Single Man based on the novel by Robert Ludlum?
is acrocomia a genus of palms?
is acrocomia a genus of pines?
is Aguada in southern Columbia?
is Albany the capital of New York?
Is Aleppo the capital of Syria?
is Alex Baldwin in 30 Rock?
is an AWY antenna shaped like a Y?
is Android based on the Linux kernel?
is Apple based in California?
is Baden's flag blue?
is Balagansk in Siberia?
is Ban Ki-moon from North Korea?
is Ban Ki-moon from South Korea?
is Ban Ki-moon South Korean?
Is Barack Obama white?
Is Barcelona the capital of Spain?
is Barcelona the largest city in Spain?
Is Bashar al-Assa the president of Lebanon?
Is Bill gates rich?
is Bluetooth a protocol for wireless communication?
Is Bruce Wayne Batman?
is Bruno Mars a singer?
is Busch Stadium in Baltimore?
is California the most populous state in the US?
is Canada the largest country in the world?
is Capo di Bove in Italy?
is Capo di Bove in Spain?
is Catalonia not a country?
is CBFA2T2 a human protein?
is Charlotte the capital of North Carolina?
is China a permanent member of the UN Security Council?
is Christian Bale in A Single Man?
Is Cliff Bentz a Republican?
Is Cliff Bentz from Oregon?
is Coach K Duke's basketball coach?
is coal a fossil fuel?
is Colin Firth in A Single Man?
is Columbia University in New York City?
Is Dallas the capital of Texas?
is Darth Maul a Jedi?
Is Darth Vader Luke's father?
Is Denmark one of the Nordic countries?
is DEXRON a trademark of GM?
is Disney making more Star Wars films?
is Doha in Qatar?
is Duke in North Carolina?
is Duke University a public school?
is Duke University located in Chapel Hill, NC?
is Duke University located in North Carolina?
is Duke University public?
is Duke University's mascot the Blue Devil?
is Dutse in Nigeria?
is Eclipse an IDE?
is Emmerdale a British soap opera?
Is English a Germanic language?
Is English a romance language?
Is English the most common language in the world?
Is English the most widely-spoken language in the world?
is Esther Levine a lumberjack?
is Europe a Danish band?
is Europe a folk band?
is Europe a polka band?
Is Europe a Swedish band?
is Fascism a liberal ideology?
is Gail Davies the father of Tex Dickerson?
Is Georgia the home of the Herb River?
Is German the official language of France?
is git a tool for version control?
is Google based in California?
is Google Now similar to Siri?
is Grizzly Bear an American band?
is habrophylla a genus of moths?
is heat a type of energy?
Is Hiroshima the capital of Japan?
Is India in Asia?
Is India the largest country in the world?
is Iran a permanent member of the UN Security Council?
is it true that George Washington had wooden teeth?
is Jim Morrison buried in Paris?
is Jim Morrison buried in Pere Lachaise Cemetery?
is Jim Morrison of The Doors buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery?
is Jimi Hendrix dead?
is Jimmy Wales from Vermont?
Is John Kerry a Republican?
Is Jupiter known as the Red Planet?
is Kahl am Main a city in France?
Is Kahl am main in Bavaria?
is Kahl am Main located in Germany?
is Kahl am Main located in Switzerland?
is Karin Forseke Swedish?
Is Kiss Me Deadly an album by Generation X?
is Larry Page the CEO of Yahoo?
is Lenovo an American company?
is light electromagnetic radiation?
is Livermore a city in McLean County?
Is Livermore in Kentucky?
is Livermore in New Hanover County?
Is London the smallest city in England?
Is Madrid the capital of Spain?
Is malt an ingredient in beer?
Is Mars called the Red Planet?
is Mars known as the Red Planet?
Is Mayer the CEO of Yahoo?
is most electricity generated from wind power in the US?
Is Mustang Island State Park in Arkansas?
Is Mustang Island State Park in Texas?
is NC State the flagship school in North Carolina's system?
is NCG 4697 also called Andromeda?
is New York City the largest city in the United States?
is New York Univeristy a private school?
is Newton International School located in Qatar?
is Ninja an IDE for Python?
is NYU a private school?
is Old Sarum Cathedral a Norman cathedral near Salibury?
Is Patrick Mower English?
Is photographer Esther Levine based in New York?
is Pink Floyd a French band?
is Pink Floyd from Virginia?
is Pinyin a form of Romanization?
Is Pinyin used to transcribe Chinese words with Latin characters?
Is Portishead a band?
Is Radiohead a band from China?
Is Radiohead a British band?
Is Radiohead a polka band?
Is Raleigh the capital of North Carolina?
Is Raleigh the capital of South Carolina?
is RD2D an astromech droid?
is Representative Workman a Democrat?
is Representative Workman Canadian?
is Rings of Power available for the Nintendo 64?
is Ritch Worman a Democrat?
is Ritch Worman a Republican?
Is Rocko from Rocko's Modern Life a kangaroo?
is Rococco a 20th century design style?
is Romanian cuisine influenced by French cuisine?
is Rome the capital of Spain?
is Ruby on Rails a framework for Ruby?
is salmonella a bacteria?
is Saturday Night Live filmed in New York?
Is Scotland part of the United Kingdom?
Is Scottsdale the capital of the United States?
is Shine on You Crazy Diamond by Pink Floyd?
Is Simon Holmes the drummer for The Hummingbirds?
is Songbird the last track on The Collection?
is Spain a permanent member of the UN Security Council?
Is Spanish a romance language?
is Spanish the official language of the United States?
is Stephen Elop the CEO of Nokia?
is Stockholm in Sweden?
is swimming good exercise?
is swordly in scotland?
is the California coastal prairie found along the Atlantic coast?
is the Canon EF 300mm lens made by Canon?
is The Collection Kenny G's third compilation album?
is the Curiosity rover exploring the moon?
Is the difference between two pitches an interval?
Is the difference between two pitches called an interval?
is the flag of Jordan based on the flag of the Arab Revolt?
is the Herat province located in western Afghanistan?
Is the Herb River in Alabama?
Is the Herb River in Georgia?
Is the Herb River in the state of Georgia?
is the HMAS Cook in the British Royal Navy?
Is the Hydraotes Choas on Mars?
Is the Interative Telecommunications Program part of New York University?
Is the iPhone designed by Samsung?
is the joule a measure of work?
is the lowest string on a guitar tuned to A?
is the McBride range in Canada?
Is the moon made of cheese?
is the One X made by HTC?
is the Pennsylviania Ballet in Philadelphia?
is the population of the Herat province more than 1,700,000?
Is the Sandman one of Spiderman's villains?
Is the song Ho Hey by Mumford and Sons?
Is the song Ho Hey by the Lumineers?
is the Song of Songs of Solomon the longest book in the Bible?
Is the song Open your heart by Europe?
is the song Young Lust on The Dark Side of the Moon?
is the song Young Lust on The Wall?
Is the Swedish band Europe a heavy metal band?
is the United States in North America?
is the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill the flagship school in North Carolina's system?
is the USS Geronimo a battleship?
is the USS Geronimo a submarine?
is the USS Mindoro a submarine?
is the Voorhies Castle in the Queen Anne style?
is there a subjunctive mood in Italian?
Is Thom Yorke the frontman for Radiohead?
is Thumbing My Way by Pearl Jam?
is Tim Cook a Duke almunus?
is Trimazosin an alpha blocker?
Is UT Austin located in Houston?
Is Venice the capital of Italy?
Is Venom one of Batman's enemies?
Is Verizon known as Ma Bell?
is West Chesterfield north of Route 9?
is Wikipedia a commercial business?
is Wikipedia a non profit?
is Wikipedia financed by the Wikimedia foundation?
Is Wikipedia is free encyclopedia?
is Wikipedia supported by the Wikimedia foundation?
Is Wikipedia written by volunteers?
is Wilmington in Kentucky?
is Windows based on Unix?
is Zicklin the business school at Baruch College?
isn't Charlotte the capital of North Carolina?
Isn't Thom Yorke the signer for Radiohead?
the first word is an informative feature, but cannot be the only feature.
was A Single Man released in 2009?
was Adolf Hitler a communist?
was Al Gore the vice president in the Clinton administration?
was Al Gore the vice president under Bill Clinton?
was Barack Obama the first black president
was Barack Obama the first black president of the United States?
was Bing created by Google?
was Bob Dole born in Santo Stefano Belbo?
was Cesare Pavese a doctor?
was Cesare Pavese Swedish?
was Charles Joret Spanish?
was David Reed born in San Diego, California in 1946?
was David Reed born in San Diego, California in 1948
was David Reed born in San Diego, California in 1948?
was Dean Smith the basketball coach for Carolina?
was Douglas Palmer the first black mayor of Trenton?
was Erwin Faber a German actor?
was Esther Levine born in 1962?
was Esther Levine born in 1970?
was Esther Levine born in Mexico?
was Evan Wright a journalist for Rolling Stone?
was Evan Wright a journalist for The New Yorker?
was Generation Kill first published in the New Yorker?
was Generation Kill first published in the Rolling Stone?
was Generation Kill written by Dan Brown?
was Generation Kill written by Evan Wright?
was george washington the first president of the united states?
Was GNU created by Richard Stallman?
was grover cleveland assassinated?
was IBM founded by Steve Jobs?
was Inception directed by Christopher Nolan?
Was Jim Morrison 27 when he died?
was Jim Morrison the lead singer of The Doors?
was Jimi Hendrix born in 1942?
was Jimi Hendrix left handed?
was Jimi Hendrix's real name Johnny?
was Jimmy Carter assassinated?
was john adams the first president of the United States?
Was John Adams the second President?
was john f. kennedy assassinated by john wilkes booth?
was John Paul II the pope before Benedict xvi?
was Katie Beatrice Hall a Representative from Ohio?
was Katie Hall a Representative from Ohio?
was Kidz Bop 21 released in 2009?
was Lance Armstrong stripped of his titles?
was Millard Filmore a Republican?
was Millard Filmore the 13th president of the United States?
was Millard Filmore the last Whig president?
was Obama the first black president
was PageNet founded by Larry Page?
was Pamela Courson Jim Morrison's girlfriend?
was Phil Hansel a swimming coach for the University of Houston?
was photographer Esther Levine born in Germany?
was Pinyin developed in the 1950s
was Robert E. Lee a Confederate general?
was Robert E. Lee a Union general?
was Robert E. Lee born in 1804?
was Robert E. Lee born in 1807?
was Robert E. Lee the commander of the Confederate Army of Northern Vermont?
was Robert E. Lee the commander of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia?
was Robert E. Lee's citizenship restored by Gerald Ford?
was Robert E. Lee's citizenship restored by President Nixon?
was Robert E. Lee's nickname 'big Bob'?
was Robert E. Lee's nickname 'marble man'?
was Saigon the capital of South Vietnam?
was Simon Holmes the guitarist for the Hummingbirds?
Was Sputnik a manned spacecraft?
was Steve Jobs president of Apple after Tim Cook?
Was Steve Jobs succeeded by Tim Cook?
was the 2003 Fifa womens cup won by France?
was the 2003 Fifa womens cup won by Germany?
was the Atlas Computer installed at Penn State
was the Atlas Computer installed at Penn State?
was the HMAS Cook named after Captain Cook?
was the HMAS Cook named after the ship's cook?
was the HMS Defender built at Limehouse?
Was the HMS Defender built for the British Royal Navy?
Was the HMS Defender built for the United States Navy?
was the HMS Defender built in London?
was the Lady Daffodilia published in 1900?
was the Martin t3m a biplane?
was the Martin t3m a triplane?
was the Superbowl on February 4th?
Was the UN founded in 1944?
Was the United Nations disbanded?
Was Tommy Jones the footballer Welsh?
was Tommy Jones Welsh?
was tyrannosaurus rex the largest dinosaur?
was Wachovia bought out buy Wells Fargo?
was We Too Are One released in 1989?
was Wikipedia founded by Jimmy Wales?
were King George III's remains found in a parking lot?
were King Richard III's remains found in a parking lot?
were King Richard III's remains found under a shopping mall?
Were the Beatles English?
Were The Doors from Los Angeles?
were there three wars between Ethiopia and Italy?
weren't the Beatles British?
when the temperature is less than 32 degrees, does water freeze?
where King George III's remains found in a parking lot?
will I win the race?
would the Kozhukhovskaya Line open in 2015?